A founding partner of FROST LLP, John D. Maatta is unique in his significant and complementary experience across law, business, and media. A highly experienced trial lawyer, Maatta also spent many years as a senior business executive and served as co-head of a major television network. He is a sought-after expert on the business of entertainment, media, and intellectual property.

Having tried lengthy and complex jury trials representing clients in both state and federal court, Maatta maintains a distinctive practice representing individuals, celebrities, and businesses. His deep experience as a business executive, trial attorney, and transactional attorney combines to provide an unmatched skill set. Maatta’s background shapes his judgment and ability as a trial lawyer and provides him with a deep understanding and empathy concerning the clients that he represents as a trial lawyer.

Prior to joining FROST LLP, Maatta spent several years as a senior executive at Warner Bros. and The CW Television Network. Notably, he was the longtime co-head of the CW Television Network, where he was the chief operating officer responsible for departments including media sales, finance, technology, business affairs, legal, broadcast standards, network distribution, and human resources. Maatta was also executive vice president and general counsel at both The CW Television Network and the WB Television Network. Today, Maatta applies this experience in advising clients as a transactional entertainment attorney.

Maatta brings his mastery of multiple professional arenas and his earned wisdom to a number of projects that interest him–he advises and actively collaborates with entrepreneurs and management teams at start-up and growth phase companies. He was the CEO and a board member of two public companies, and is currently the vice chairman of a private marketing and branding enterprise. Maatta currently serves on the board of Trader Vic’s Restaurant Corporation where he is the former chairman.

Maatta is intellectually curious and seeks out enriching community engagements, adventures and experiences around the world. In service to his community, he was the president of UNICEF Southern California and was a member of the UNICEF Board of Directors for many years. Maatta was also a board member of the Asia Society, as well as chairman of the UNICEF Chinese Children’s Initiative.