Josh Stambaugh is a founding partner at FROST LLP. He is an exceptional trial lawyer who excels at simplifying a case for a jury, adapting to the most challenging circumstances and thinking quickly on his feet. As a highly successful and experienced AMLaw 100 commercial litigator, and as a first-chair trial attorney in both state and federal court, Stambaugh has an extensive record of obtaining favorable results on both the plaintiff and defense sides in all facets of business litigation. His cases include class actions, product liability, interference and trade secret claims, unfair competition, breach of contract, antitrust, intellectual property matters, and other business torts.

Stambaugh, an avid high-stakes poker player, applies his knowledge of calculated risk in his approach to litigation. His style is one of outmaneuvering and outwitting opponents rather than using showy, less strategic tactics. He believes this approach serves clients in a more cost- efficient and results-oriented manner and resonates with, and gains respect from, clients, judges, and opposing counsel. When it furthers his client’s interests, Stambaugh’s aggressiveness is second to none.

Groomed as a trial lawyer since law school, Stambaugh invokes history, great literature, and archetypal myths as he presents compelling narratives to juries. He has been known to draw from Tolstoy, Hemingway, and of course his experience at the poker table to intelligently and creatively force the other side into submission.

When he is not in the courtroom or figuring out ways to win, Stambaugh enjoys quiet dinners with his wife and meaningful conversations with their two daughters.